[CTOR-1281]-Refresh hardware-storage-emc-unisphere-restapi doc page (#3981)
centreon/centreon-documentation: pp/integrations/plugin-packs/procedures/hardware-storage-emc-unisphere-restapi.md

| Pools             | HW-Storage-EMC-Unisphere-Pools-Restapi-custom             | Check pools                  | X          |
| Replications      | HW-Storage-EMC-Unisphere-Replications-Restapi-custom      | Check replications resources | X          |
| Storage-Resources | HW-Storage-EMC-Unisphere-Storage-Resources-Restapi-custom | Check storage resources      | X          |

> The services listed above are created automatically when the **HW-Storage-EMC-Unisphere-Restapi-custom** host template is used.

> If **Discovery** is checked, it means a service discovery rule exists for this service template.

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

### Discovery rules

#### Service discovery

| Rule name                                          | Description                                               |
|:---------------------------------------------------|:----------------------------------------------------------|
| HW-Storage-EMC-Unisphere-Restapi-Pools             | Discover the disk partitions and monitor space occupation |
| HW-Storage-EMC-Unisphere-Restapi-Replications      | Discover the disk partitions and monitor space occupation |

> | HW-Storage-EMC-Unisphere-Restapi-Storage-Resources | Discover the disk partitions and monitor space occupation |

Reviewer: 3 times same description

> | HW-Storage-EMC-Unisphere-Restapi-Storage-Resources | Discover the disk partitions and monitor space occupation |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| HW-Storage-EMC-Unisphere-Restapi-Pools             | Discover pools and monitor them |
| HW-Storage-EMC-Unisphere-Restapi-Replications      | Discover replication resources and monitor their status |
| HW-Storage-EMC-Unisphere-Restapi-Storage-Resources | Discover storage resources and monitor them |
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Replications" label="Replications">

| Name               | Unit  |
|:-------------------|:------|
| health-status      | N/A   |
| replication-status | N/A   |

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Storage-Resources" label="Storage-Resources">

| Name                                             | Unit  |
|:-------------------------------------------------|:------|
| status                                           | N/A   |
| status                                           | N/A   |
| *sr1*#storageresource.space.usage.bytes          | B     |
| *sr2*#storageresource.space.usage.bytes          | B     |
| *sr1*#storageresource.space.free.bytes           | B     |
| *sr2*#storageresource.space.free.bytes           | B     |
| *sr1*#storageresource.space.usage.percentage     | %     |
| *sr2*#storageresource.space.usage.percentage     | %     |
| *sr1*#storageresource.allocated.usage.bytes      | B     |
| *sr2*#storageresource.allocated.usage.bytes      | B     |
| *sr1*#storageresource.allocated.usage.percentage | %     |
| *sr2*#storageresource.allocated.usage.percentage | %     |

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Prerequisites

> An API username and password are required to monitor EMC Unisphere via REST API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An API username and password are required to monitor EMC Unisphere using its REST API.
```
